README.md, before:

# nuScenes2Bag

Simple C++ tool for converting the [nuScenes](https://www.nuscenes.org/) dataset from [Aptiv](https://www.aptiv.com).

The tool loads the json metadata and then the sample files for each scene. The sample are converted in a suitable ROS msg and written to a bag. TF tree is also written.

Probably the original dataset is also collected by Aptiv using ROS, so most data has the same format.

![](images/ros_preview.png)

## Usage

The tool is a normal ROS package. Place it under a workspace and build it with catkin.

You can then use the converter:

```
nuscenes2bag -s aptiv/v1.0_mini/ -o nuscenes_bags -j 2
```

Bag files will be placed under the nuscenes_bags directory. With -j, it is possible to set the number of thread used. 

## Status 

Currently work in progress

- [x] Image support
- [x] Pointcloud support
- [x] Radar support
- [x] EgoPose and TF support
- [x] Show progress
- [ ] Use range library
- [ ] Better usability

Create an Github issue for suggestion, bug and requests. 

## Thirdparty

Built using:

 - https://github.com/nlohmann/json

Commit message:

Add usage examples to README

README.md, after:

# nuScenes2Bag

Simple C++ tool for converting the [nuScenes](https://www.nuscenes.org/) dataset from [Aptiv](https://www.aptiv.com).

The tool loads the json metadata and then the sample files for each scene. The sample are converted in a suitable ROS msg and written to a bag. TF tree is also written.

Probably the original dataset is also collected by Aptiv using ROS, so most data has the same format.

![](images/ros_preview.png)

## Usage

The tool is a normal ROS package. Place it under a workspace and build it with catkin.

You can then use the converter:

```
nuscenes2bag -s aptiv/v1.0_mini/ -o nuscenes_bags -j 2
```

Bag files will be placed under the nuscenes_bags directory. With -j, it is possible to set the number of thread used. 


## Examples:

Convert one scene to a bag file, saved in a new directory.
Scene '0001' will be saved to 'nuscenes_bags/1.bag'
```
rosrun nuscenes2bag nuscenes2bag --scene_number 0001 --sample_dir /path/to/dataset/ --out nuscenes_bags/
```


Convert the entire dataset to bag files.
This processes 4 scenes simultaneously, however the scene numbers are not processed in numerical order.
```
rosrun nuscenes2bag nuscenes2bag --sample_dir /path/to/dataset/ --out nuscenes_bags/ --jobs 4
```


## Status 

Currently work in progress

- [x] Image support
- [x] Pointcloud support
- [x] Radar support
- [x] EgoPose and TF support
- [x] Show progress
- [ ] Use range library
- [ ] Better usability

Create an Github issue for suggestion, bug and requests. 

## Thirdparty

Built using:

 - https://github.com/nlohmann/json
